<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
          "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
<h:head>
	<title><ui:insert name="title">Library</ui:insert></title>
	<h:outputScript library="js" name="jquery.js" target="body" />
	<h:outputScript library="js" name="scriptstuff.js" target="body" />
	<h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="style.css" />
</h:head>

<h:body>
	<h2>Media Library</h2>
	<a href="addmedia.xhtml">Add Media</a>
	<br />
	<a href="viewmedia.xhtml">View Media</a>
	<br />
	<button id="addMediaButton">Add Media</button>
	<br />

	<h:form id="addMediaForm">
		<h:outputText value="Title:"></h:outputText>
		<h:inputText value="#{library.title}"></h:inputText>
		<br />
		<h:outputText value="Author:"></h:outputText>
		<h:inputText value="#{library.author}"></h:inputText>
		<br />
		<h:outputText value="Publisher:"></h:outputText>
		<h:inputText value="#{library.publisher}"></h:inputText>
		<br />
		<h:outputText value="Publication Year:"></h:outputText>
		<h:inputText value="#{library.publicationYear}"></h:inputText>
		<br />
		<h:outputText value="Format:"></h:outputText>
		<h:inputText value="#{library.format}"></h:inputText>
		<br />
		<h:outputText value="Type:"></h:outputText>
		<h:selectOneMenu value="#{library.type}">
			<f:selectItem itemValue="Book" />
			<f:selectItem itemValue="EBook" />
			<f:selectItem itemValue="Music" />
			<f:selectItem itemValue="Video" />
		</h:selectOneMenu>
		<br />
		<h:commandButton value="Submit" action="#{library.addMedia}"></h:commandButton>
	</h:form>
	<h:outputText id="txtResult" value="#{library.persistResult}" />

	<div id="body">
		<button id="myButton">Click Me!</button>
		<div id="myDiv">
			<p>Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and
				typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard
				dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a
				galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has
				survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic
				typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in
				the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum
				passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like
				Aldus PageMaker including versions of Lorem Ipsum.</p>
			<p>It is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted
				by the readable content of a page when looking at its layout. The
				point of using Lorem Ipsum is that it has a more-or-less normal
				distribution of letters, as opposed to using 'Content here, content
				here', making it look like readable English. Many desktop publishing
				packages and web page editors now use Lorem Ipsum as their default
				model text, and a search for 'lorem ipsum' will uncover many web
				sites still in their infancy. Various versions have evolved over the
				years, sometimes by accident, sometimes on purpose (injected humour
				and the like).</p>
		</div>
	</div>
</h:body>

</html>
